I wanted to learn more about Cohere to see if I would be a good fit. I looked through the open source repositories in Cohere's GitHub to familiarize myself with the ways of working. I can see that there are GitHub Actions to automate things such as checking for sufficient code coverage for automated tests, and build previews for documentation. For a better sense of how fast the code base and developers move, I looked at a larger pull request. I found a recent one that had 2 rounds of changes, and from the date of opening the pull request to merging the pull request, it took 2 weeks for a pull request that changed 16 files. I think that is neither too fast nor too slow. The pull request I looked at: https://github.com/cohere-ai/cohere-toolkit/pull/811/files

I also observed how members of Cohere interacted with users on the Discord channel. Even though I think troubleshooting someone else's machine is substantially more difficult than troubleshooting a machine in front of you with full admin privileges, the effort was still made to support users requesting help. I can see the follow-through for internal collaboration as well as external collaboration. There is a flow of information exchange, i.e. members of Cohere are both asking for more information when there is uncertainty and providing more information where there's an answer. If this is a fair representation of how things work at Cohere, I think I can participate at this level of cooperation.

While I have worked as a cloud native consultant, I did not have to opportunity to work with dashboards closely on the projects I was on. As a challenge, I thought about how I would use Grafana with AWS to see how far I could optimize cost while balancing the trade-off of performance on something like compute for ec2. Without too much configuration, I was able to come up with a heuristic, which I am happy to share for review: https://github.com/choilmto/mldash

These are some of the impressions I have about Cohere so far. I would like to know more about both the people and the tech. Please feel free to reach out.